# Meeting Summary 
| Key            | Value | 
| ------------ | ------------- | 
| Date : | 21-11-2025 | 
| Time : | 13:45 | 
| Location : | DW Hall 2 | 
| Chair :| Szymon Strza≈Çek| 
| Minute Taker | Anando Hirschau| 
| Attendees : | 6 |

Agenda Items :
- Opening by chair (1 min )

- Check - in : How is everyone doing ? (2 min )

- Announcements by the team (2 min )

- Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions ? (3 min )

- Announcements by the TA (2 min )

- Talking Points : ( Inform / brainstorm / decision making / discuss )

- Making sure everybody can open template project on their machines + addressing problems (5 min )

- Recap of meeting Friday (5 min )

- Schedule creating Code of Conduct (2 min )

- Schedule additional meetings (2 min )

- Questions round: Any new concerns? (10 min)

- Summarize action points : Who , what , when ? (2 min )

- Feedback round : What went well and what can be improved next time ? (2 min )

- Planned meeting duration != actual duration ? Where / why did you mis - estimate ? (2 min )

- Question round : Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes ? (5 min )

- Closure (1 min )

## 1. Opening
The chair opened the meeting a little bit later because we still had to set up the connection with the member online.

## 2. Check-in
Everyone shared how they were doing, mostly about the self study.

## 3. Announcements by the Team
Except that one member of the team will be online in the meeting on monday, there is no big announcement.

## 4. Approval of the agenda
No additions were needed.
Only corrections as the date was slightly off.
This can be corrected without waiting for everyone to check it, as this was decided in the meeting.

## 5. Announcements by the TA
The TA made no announcements this meeting.

## 6. Talking Points
The need for another meeting was discussed and approved by consensus. As it would give the team more time clearity about the project and progress of everyone.

### 6.1 Additional Meetings
 - One additional meeting will be held.
 - **Scheduled:** Monday, *24-11-2025*, 16:30-17:30
 - **Location:** John F. Kennedy room (in the library)
 - One member shall join the meeting online
 - Future weekly meetings will be scheduled later. 

### 6.2 Checkstyle decisions
For the checkstyle we have taken over parts of the IP checkstyle and changed the following:
- The maximum length of a function before we get a checkstyle warning. This makes it more comfortable to write functions for the team and this was also decided by consensus.
- The way it checks for either 'spaces' or 'tabs' for identation. We shall only use spaces for identation as this has been decided by the group by consensus.

### 6.3 Achieval agenda point?
For the talking Points the purpose was achieved as we were able to make decisions about the checkstyle which made us finish it faster. 

## 7. Template Project
Some advice for the template project given by the team members:
- Following extra spring tutorials is adviced for our team as it can help with better understanding of the assignment.
- GitLab repository can be made into a **zip file of the template project**, with premium access you can ask the AI to explain it for you.

### 7.1 Template project setup
At the end of the day everyone was able to succesfully open the template project. This was handled after the meeting.

### 7.2 Achieval agenda point?
This agenda point was succesfully achieved and helped the members discuss about how far along they are and what can help further develop  their skills in spring.

## 8. Recap of friday's meeting
There was no recap needed for friday as that was the introduction to the other members of the team. 

## 9. Code of conduct schedule
Code of Conduct was decided to be finished after todays meeting. This was succesfully done.

## 10. Additional meeting schedule
upcoming meetings:
- **Monday 24-11-2025** from 16:30-17:30
- **Friday 29-11-2025** from 13:45-14:45
The location for the friday meeting shall be in the same place as normal, Drebbelweg Hall 2. This was decided by consensus.

## 11. Question Round
**Question 1:** When will checkstyle be implemented?
**Answer:** Either **21-11-2025** or **24-11-2025**
The checkstyle was finished on the same date as todays meeting. 
This was done immediately after the Code Of Conduct.

## 12. Who, What and When (Action List)
The roles for the week of 24-11-2025 to 30-11-2025 will be:
**Chair:** Anando Hirschau
**Minute Taker:** Andrei Radu
The role for the chair has been decided to always be the previous minute taker.
The minute taker was chosen by who volunteerd.
The team decided upon choosing the tasks and delegation of those tasks on 24-11-2025.

## 13. Feedback round
All members where fine with the time distribution and how the chair handled the meeting.


## 14. Planned vs Actual Duration
The meeting was completed slightly faster than expected, although it also started a little later. We officialy started around 13:49. Althoug hthis caused no issues as the group was efficient and finished before our time was up.

## 15. Final Questions Round
No final concerns or additions that were not already answered.

## 16. Closure
The meeting was closed succesfully without any issues. after the meeting was over we went to another hall to finish the assignments we wanted to do for that day.

After the meeting:
- The team completed the **Code Of Conduct** and the **CheckStyle**.

## 17. Next meeting - Topics
- Explain current progress / status
- Discuss coding issues
- Review Monday work during friday meeting
- Monday: issue planning and task distribution
- Friday: follow-up on issues