# Meeting Summary - 21-11-2025
**Time:** 13:45
**Location:** DW Hall 2
**Chair:** SZymon Straza≈Çek
**Minute Taker:** Anando Hirschau
**Attendees:** 6, from which one was online

---

## 1. Opening
The chair opened the meeting a little bit later because we still had to set up the connection with the member online.

---

## 2. Check-in
Everyone shared how they were doing, mostly about the self study.

---

## 3. Announcements by the Team
Except that one member of the team will be online in the meeting on monday, there is no big announcement.

---

## 4. Approval of the agenda
No additions were needed.
Only corrections as the date was slightly off.
This can be corrected without waiting for everyone to check it, as this was decided in the meeting.

---

## 5. Announcements by the TA
The TA made no announcements This meeting

---

## 6. Talking Points
The need for another meeting was discussed and approved. As it would give the team more time clearity about the project and progress of everyone.

---

## 7. Additional Meetings
 - One additional meeting will be held.
 - **Scheduled:** Monday, *24-11-2025*, 16:30-17:30
 - **Location:** John F. Kennedy room (in the library)
 - One member shall join the meeting online
 - Future weekly meetings will be scheduled later.

---

## 8. Template Project
- Following extra spring tutorials is adviced for our team as it can help with better understanding of the assignment.
- GitLab repository can be made into a **zip file of the template project**, with premium access you can ask the AI to explain it for you.

---

## 9. Template project setup
At the end of the day everyone was able to succesfully open the template project. This was handled after the meeting.

---

## 10. Recap of friday's meeting
There was no recap needed for friday as that was the introduction to the other members of the team. 

---

## 11. Code of conduct schedule
Code of Conduct was decided to be finished after todays meeting. This was succesfully done.

---

## 12. Additional meeting schedule
upcoming meetings:
- **Monday 24-11-2025**
- **Friday 29-11-2025**
The location for the friday meeting shall be in the same place as normal, Drebbelweg Hall 2.

---

## 13. Question Round
**Question 1:** When will checkstyle be implemented?
**Answer:** Either **21-11-2025** or **24-11-2025**
The checkstyle was finished on the same date as todays meeting. 
This was done immediately after the Code Of Conduct.

---

## 14. Who, What and When
The roles for the next week will be:
**Chair:** Anando Hirschau
**Minute Taker:** Andrei Radu

---

## 15. Checkstyle decisions
For the checkstyle we have taken over parts of the IP checkstyle and changed the following:
- The maximum length of a function before we get a checkstyle warning.
- The way it checks for either 'spaces' or 'tabs' for identation. We shall only use spaces for them as this has been decided by the group.

---

## 16. Feedback round
All members where fine with the time distribution and how the chair handled the meeting.

---

## 17. Planned vs Actual Duration
The meeting was completed slightly faster than expected, although it also started a little later.

---

## 18. Final Questions Round
No final concerns or additions that. that were ot already answered.

---

## 19. Closure
Meeting closed.
The team completed the **Code Of Conduct** and the **CheckStyle**.

---

## 20. Next meeting - Topics
- Explain current progress / status
- Discuss coding issues
- Review Monday work during friday meeting
- Monday: issue planning and task distribution
- Friday: follow-up on issues