## Meeting Agenda 
| Key                 | Value                  |
| ------------------- | -----------------------|
| Date:               | 08-01-2026             |
| Time:               | +-17:30                |
| Location:           | Echo Student team room |
| Chair:              | Eliott Duparc          |
| Minute Taker:       | Arthur Bakker          |
| Expected attendees: | 6                      |
| Online:             | Anando, Szymon         |

#### Agenda Items:

## Opening by chair:

## Check-in: How is everyone doing? 

 - Every member of the team is doing fine.

## Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions?

 - There were no additions to the agenda

## Announcements by the team

  - No significant announcements by the team

## Announcements by the TA
   
   - TA will discuss the upcoming rubric for implemented features.

## Presentation of the current app to TA

  - showed the new shopping list functionality
  - showed the scaling functionality
  - showed the ingredient and   

## Recap of the last two weeks and personal progress

  - We had multiple MR's for which the merging was delayed because of conflicts. 
    This lead to several team members having to work on code that was aimed to be done
    previous week. 
  
  - Also discussed that not a lot of work had been done since we had the christmas break between weak 6 and 7.

## Feedback reflection:

  - Technology (Dependency injection)
  - ServerUtils class needs to use Dependency injection
  - Server implementation: Seperate logic from UI
  - We collectively agreed that the implementation of Services is not main focus,
    since we already have a good grade on this section.
  - Also discussed the fact that we do not always seperate UI and Backend logic cleanly. 

## Further planning (week 8): Deciding on new stories/Assigning tasks for every member

  - Anando: live language switch 
  - Arthur: Shopping list implementation
  - Szymon: Live language switch
  - Kuba: Editing ingredients + additional feature
  - Andrei: Extra feature for recipe searching
  - Elliot: Shopping list

## Question round: Does anyone have anything to add?

 - Go over time estimates
 - Sunday merge deadline

 ### TA comments

   - Darius think we are doing great so far
   - There are still open milestones from previous weeks
   - Issues do not always have descriptions

## Summarize action points: who, what, when?

 - The current state of the app was shown to the TA
 - Everyone explained their contributions or expected contribution for this week
 - We assigned stories and tasks to all team members
 - Recalled everyone to the fact that they need to fill in their estimates
 - Made a merging deadline for week 7 functionality for Sunday
 - Next chair: Arthur
 - Next minute-taker: Szymon

 #### For next week project evaluation

 - Clarify how we need to run the application in the README.
 - Run the project according to README.md. If TA can not run the application there will not be any formative feedback.
 - Per feature write what you built for the feature and explain why we would need to get an excellent grading for a feature
 - Write down how the UI works where that is not obvious.
 
## Meeting reflection: What went well and what can be improved next time?

  - Setup meeting issues
  - Forget to pull the latest version of main for the application that we showed, which led to some delay.
  - should have met earlier to organize the meeting properly.
  - We did not discuess everyone's contributions for this week. 

## Planned meeting duration != actual duration?

 - We adhered to the timing estimates, the meeting started on time and closed on time.
 - We had enough time to successfully execute the meeting 
